BD-4242 Updates for Global Control Groups docs (#9183)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/reporting/global_control_group_reporting.md

Keep in mind that the percentage metrics in your report are rounded. For example, in cases where the number of conversions is a very low percentage of your overall control or treatment group, the conversion rate may round to 0%.

Lastly, as with several other reports on our platform, this report displays a [confidence]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/multivariate_analytics/#understanding-confidence) percentage for your change from control metric. Note that in cases where the conversion rate between your control and treatment are identical, a confidence of 0% is to be expected; this indicates that there is a 0% chance that there is a difference in performance between the two groups. 

### Group sizes

Before May 2024, the Global Control Group was excluded from user archival, but the treatment sample group was not. Starting May 2024, both groups are excluded from user archival. This could result in your treatment sample group and Global Control Group having significantly different sizes. The next time you reset your Global Control Group, this discrepancy will resolve and you'll see similar group sizes.

> Note that each workspace has a maximum of one Global Control Group and one treatment sample group. The treatment sample group is the same group of users regardless of how you configure your Global Control reporting.

Reviewer: i don't feel strongly about it, so its up to you, but any reason to put/not put this in a `{% alert note %}`?

> Note that each workspace has a maximum of one Global Control Group and one treatment sample group. The treatment sample group is the same group of users regardless of how you configure your Global Control reporting.

Author: ```suggestion
{% alert note %}
Each workspace has a maximum of one Global Control Group and one treatment sample group. The treatment sample group is the same group of users regardless of how you configure your Global Control reporting.
{% endalert %}
```

## Report metrics

| Metric | Definition | Calculation |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Change from Control | This calculates the uplift between the conversion rate for your treatment and control groups. | ((Treatment conversion rate – control conversion rate) ÷ control conversion rate) * 100 |
| Incremental Uplift | The difference in total events between your treatment and control groups. This metric seeks to answer the question of "How many more conversion events did the treatment group achieve?". | Total events for treatment – total events for control |
| Incremental Uplift Percent | The percentage of your treatment's total events that can be attributed to your treatment (versus natural user behavior). This is calculated by dividing incremental uplift (number) by the total number of events for your treatment group. | Incremental uplift (number) ÷ Total events for treatment group |

> | Conversion Rate | The estimated percentage of users in your control or treatment group that complete your selected event during the time period selected. This is calculated by adding the number of events from the time period and dividing it by the sum of users within the group each day. This is approximate because group size fluctuates regularly as new users enter your Global Control Group, and events are total—and not unique—events. If the number of conversions is very small and your control or treatment groups are very large, then the conversion rate may round to 0%. If the number of events is very high—for example, in cases where one user may do more than one event per day—then the conversion rate can be over 100%. | Sum of the number of events for those users over that time period ÷ sum of users in the group each day |

Reviewer: *optional change

```suggestion
| Conversion Rate | The estimated percentage of users in your control or treatment group that complete your selected event during the time period selected. This is calculated by adding the number of events from the time period and dividing it by the sum of users within the group each day. This can only be approximated because group size fluctuates regularly as new users enter your Global Control Group, and events are total—and not unique—events. If the number of conversions is very small and your control or treatment groups are very large, then the conversion rate may round to 0%. If the number of events is very high—for example, in cases where one user may do more than one event per day—then the conversion rate can be over 100%. | Sum of the number of events for those users over that time period ÷ sum of users in the group each day |
```
